Oh everybody I'm Lloyd bags I'm very
pleased to introduce our new baby to you
it's called the acoustic reference
amplifier or a ref and it's a new type
of amplifier that we've developed over
the last four years and we believe that
it's going to be a really good thing for
acoustic guitarists the heart of the
amplifier is a new type of speaker
technology that we've co-developed with
the inventor of the speaker great dr.
Graham Bank in England you can see it is
a flat panel much like a dinner plate
this is the only speaker the amplifier
has in it this covers the entire
frequency range from 50 cycles to 20,000
cycles and the big news the reason that
we chose this is because it has has
great off-axis response so it it has it
does a hundred and forty degrees to
10,000 cycles so it fills the room in a
new sort of way that's never been done
before so you'll find that this amp will
carry a much larger venue than you think
it normally would now we've paired this
great loudspeaker with two channels of
equalization here that has been based on
the parody i eq the entire signal path
in the EQ and upper end stuff is all
discrete so it's very quiet very sweet
sounding very clean and we've also spent
a lot of time on making a very ergonomic
enclosure this is the handle and it's
also very we feel it's also very stylish
it doesn't look like everybody else's am
the controls are hidden back behind here
so your audience doesn't see the
controls but it gives you easy quick
access to them and we're very excited to
introduce this amplifier to everyone
this year we hope you enjoy it thank you
very much